README.md, before:

# Nitro Profile Customizer

A Vencord plugin that lets you customize your Discord profile with Nitro-like features without actually having Nitro. All customizations are local and only visible to you.

## Features

### Profile Customization
- **Custom Banner**: Set a custom banner image or solid color
- **Custom Avatar**: Replace your avatar with any image URL
- **Avatar Decoration**: Add custom avatar decorations
- **Display Name**: Override your display name
- **Bio/About Me**: Set a custom bio text
- **Status**: Add a custom status message

### Profile Themes
- **Theme Colors**: Set primary and secondary gradient colors
- **Background Opacity**: Adjust theme background transparency (0-100%)
- **Glow Effects**: Add Nitro-like glow effects to your profile
- **Animations**: Enable smooth hover animations and transitions

### Profile Effects
- **Custom Effects**: Add animated overlays (like Nitro profile effects)
- **Intro + Loop**: Support for two-part effects (intro plays once, then loops)
- **Duration Control**: Set how long the intro plays before switching to loop

### Nameplate Customization
- **Gradient Background**: Add colored gradients behind your name in member lists and DMs
- **Video Background**: Use animated video backgrounds (.webm) in nameplates
- **Poster Image**: Set a static fallback image for video nameplates

### Display Name Styling
- **Custom Fonts**: Choose from 8 different font styles:
  - gg sans (Default)
  - Tempo
  - Sakura
  - Jellybean
  - Modern
  - Medieval
  - 8Bit
  - Vampyre
- **Text Effects**: Apply visual effects to your display name:
  - Solid
  - Gradient
  - Neon
  - Toon
  - Pop
- **Custom Colors**: Set main color and gradient end color

## Preview

<div align="center">
  <img width="350" alt="Profile popup" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54b64682-1a30-438f-a373-0022fd0f31df" />
  <img width="500" alt="Full screen profile" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f42a104c-159d-4dd1-82d7-a170c61bc0fb" />
</div>

## Setup

1. **Get Your User ID**
   - Enable Developer Mode in Discord (Settings → Advanced → Developer Mode)
   - Right-click your profile and select "Copy User ID"
   - Paste it in the plugin settings

2. **Configure Your Profile**
   - Open Vencord settings
   - Navigate to the Nitro Profile Customizer plugin
   - Fill in the customization options you want to use

3. **View Your Profile**
   - Open your profile (click your avatar in any server member list)
   - Your customizations will be applied automatically

## Settings Guide

### Basic Settings
- **userId**: Your Discord User ID (required for the plugin to work)
- **enableCustomization**: Master toggle for all customizations

### Banner Settings
- **customBanner**: Direct URL to an image (takes priority over color)
- **customBannerColor**: Hex color code (e.g., `#5865f2`)

### Avatar Settings
- **customAvatar**: Direct URL to replace your avatar
- **customAvatarDecoration**: Direct URL for avatar decoration overlay

### Text Customization
- **customDisplayName**: Override your display name
- **customBio**: Custom bio/about me text
- **customStatus**: Custom status message

### Theme Settings
- **enableProfileTheme**: Toggle custom theme colors
- **primaryColor**: Primary gradient color (hex code)
- **secondaryColor**: Secondary gradient color (hex code)
- **backgroundOpacity**: Theme background transparency (0-100)

### Profile Effects
- **enableProfileEffect**: Toggle animated profile effects
- **profileEffectUrl**: URL to intro effect image/gif
- **profileEffectLoopUrl**: URL to loop effect image/gif (optional)
- **profileEffectIntroDuration**: How long intro plays before switching to loop (seconds)

### Visual Enhancements
- **enableGlow**: Add Nitro-like glow effects
- **enableAnimations**: Enable smooth transitions and hover effects

### Nameplate Settings
- **enableNameplate**: Toggle custom nameplate backgrounds
- **nameplateColor**: Gradient color for nameplate (hex code)
- **nameplateVideo**: Video URL for animated nameplate (.webm)
- **nameplatePoster**: Static poster image URL (.png)

### Display Name Styling
- **enableDisplayNameStyle**: Toggle custom display name styling
- **displayNameFont**: Choose from 8 font styles
- **displayNameEffect**: Choose visual effect (solid, gradient, neon, toon, pop)
- **displayNameColor**: Main text color (hex code)
- **displayNameGradientEnd**: End color for gradient effect (hex code)

## Tips

- **Image URLs**: Use direct links to images (ending in .png, .jpg, .gif, etc.)
- **Hex Colors**: Always start with `#` (e.g., `#ff0000` for red)
- **Profile Effects**: Use transparent PNGs or GIFs for best results
- **Nameplate Videos**: Use .webm format for best compatibility
- **Testing**: Open and close your profile to see changes take effect

## Limitations

- Customizations are **local only** - other users see your normal profile
- Requires your User ID to be set correctly
- Some Discord UI updates may temporarily break styling (will auto-fix)
- Video nameplates work best with .webm format

## Troubleshooting

**Customizations not showing?**
- Make sure you've entered your correct User ID
- Check that `enableCustomization` is turned on
- Try closing and reopening your profile

**Colors not working?**
- Ensure hex codes start with `#`
- Use 6-digit hex codes (e.g., `#ff0000`, not `#f00`)

**Images not loading?**
- Use direct image URLs (not webpage links)
- Make sure URLs are publicly accessible
- Check that URLs end with image extensions (.png, .jpg, .gif)

**Profile effect not appearing?**
- Enable `enableProfileEffect` in settings
- Provide a valid `profileEffectUrl`
- Use transparent images for best results

## Examples

### Cyberpunk Theme
```
primaryColor: #ff00ff
secondaryColor: #00ffff
enableGlow: true
enableAnimations: true
```

### Nature Theme
```
customBanner: https://example.com/forest.jpg
primaryColor: #2d5016
secondaryColor: #1a3409
backgroundOpacity: 85
```

### Neon Display Name
```
enableDisplayNameStyle: true
displayNameEffect: neon
displayNameColor: #00ffff
displayNameFont: pixelify
```

## Credits

Created for Vencord by [me](https://github.com/JMJAJ)

Commit message:

Update README to mention AI contributions
Added a note about AI involvement in README creation.

README.md, after:

# Nitro Profile Customizer

A Vencord plugin that lets you customize your Discord profile with Nitro-like features without actually having Nitro. All customizations are local and only visible to you.

Btw README.md was made with AI and comments in code were added by AI too to make it easier for anyone reading the code quickly get whats going on.

## Features

### Profile Customization
- **Custom Banner**: Set a custom banner image or solid color
- **Custom Avatar**: Replace your avatar with any image URL
- **Avatar Decoration**: Add custom avatar decorations
- **Display Name**: Override your display name
- **Bio/About Me**: Set a custom bio text
- **Status**: Add a custom status message

### Profile Themes
- **Theme Colors**: Set primary and secondary gradient colors
- **Background Opacity**: Adjust theme background transparency (0-100%)
- **Glow Effects**: Add Nitro-like glow effects to your profile
- **Animations**: Enable smooth hover animations and transitions

### Profile Effects
- **Custom Effects**: Add animated overlays (like Nitro profile effects)
- **Intro + Loop**: Support for two-part effects (intro plays once, then loops)
- **Duration Control**: Set how long the intro plays before switching to loop

### Nameplate Customization
- **Gradient Background**: Add colored gradients behind your name in member lists and DMs
- **Video Background**: Use animated video backgrounds (.webm) in nameplates
- **Poster Image**: Set a static fallback image for video nameplates

### Display Name Styling
- **Custom Fonts**: Choose from 8 different font styles:
  - gg sans (Default)
  - Tempo
  - Sakura
  - Jellybean
  - Modern
  - Medieval
  - 8Bit
  - Vampyre
- **Text Effects**: Apply visual effects to your display name:
  - Solid
  - Gradient
  - Neon
  - Toon
  - Pop
- **Custom Colors**: Set main color and gradient end color

## Preview

<div align="center">
  <img width="350" alt="Profile popup" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54b64682-1a30-438f-a373-0022fd0f31df" />
  <img width="500" alt="Full screen profile" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f42a104c-159d-4dd1-82d7-a170c61bc0fb" />
</div>

## Setup

1. **Get Your User ID**
   - Enable Developer Mode in Discord (Settings → Advanced → Developer Mode)
   - Right-click your profile and select "Copy User ID"
   - Paste it in the plugin settings

2. **Configure Your Profile**
   - Open Vencord settings
   - Navigate to the Nitro Profile Customizer plugin
   - Fill in the customization options you want to use

3. **View Your Profile**
   - Open your profile (click your avatar in any server member list)
   - Your customizations will be applied automatically

## Settings Guide

### Basic Settings
- **userId**: Your Discord User ID (required for the plugin to work)
- **enableCustomization**: Master toggle for all customizations

### Banner Settings
- **customBanner**: Direct URL to an image (takes priority over color)
- **customBannerColor**: Hex color code (e.g., `#5865f2`)

### Avatar Settings
- **customAvatar**: Direct URL to replace your avatar
- **customAvatarDecoration**: Direct URL for avatar decoration overlay

### Text Customization
- **customDisplayName**: Override your display name
- **customBio**: Custom bio/about me text
- **customStatus**: Custom status message

### Theme Settings
- **enableProfileTheme**: Toggle custom theme colors
- **primaryColor**: Primary gradient color (hex code)
- **secondaryColor**: Secondary gradient color (hex code)
- **backgroundOpacity**: Theme background transparency (0-100)

### Profile Effects
- **enableProfileEffect**: Toggle animated profile effects
- **profileEffectUrl**: URL to intro effect image/gif
- **profileEffectLoopUrl**: URL to loop effect image/gif (optional)
- **profileEffectIntroDuration**: How long intro plays before switching to loop (seconds)

### Visual Enhancements
- **enableGlow**: Add Nitro-like glow effects
- **enableAnimations**: Enable smooth transitions and hover effects

### Nameplate Settings
- **enableNameplate**: Toggle custom nameplate backgrounds
- **nameplateColor**: Gradient color for nameplate (hex code)
- **nameplateVideo**: Video URL for animated nameplate (.webm)
- **nameplatePoster**: Static poster image URL (.png)

### Display Name Styling
- **enableDisplayNameStyle**: Toggle custom display name styling
- **displayNameFont**: Choose from 8 font styles
- **displayNameEffect**: Choose visual effect (solid, gradient, neon, toon, pop)
- **displayNameColor**: Main text color (hex code)
- **displayNameGradientEnd**: End color for gradient effect (hex code)

## Tips

- **Image URLs**: Use direct links to images (ending in .png, .jpg, .gif, etc.)
- **Hex Colors**: Always start with `#` (e.g., `#ff0000` for red)
- **Profile Effects**: Use transparent PNGs or GIFs for best results
- **Nameplate Videos**: Use .webm format for best compatibility
- **Testing**: Open and close your profile to see changes take effect

## Limitations

- Customizations are **local only** - other users see your normal profile
- Requires your User ID to be set correctly
- Some Discord UI updates may temporarily break styling (will auto-fix)
- Video nameplates work best with .webm format

## Troubleshooting

**Customizations not showing?**
- Make sure you've entered your correct User ID
- Check that `enableCustomization` is turned on
- Try closing and reopening your profile

**Colors not working?**
- Ensure hex codes start with `#`
- Use 6-digit hex codes (e.g., `#ff0000`, not `#f00`)

**Images not loading?**
- Use direct image URLs (not webpage links)
- Make sure URLs are publicly accessible
- Check that URLs end with image extensions (.png, .jpg, .gif)

**Profile effect not appearing?**
- Enable `enableProfileEffect` in settings
- Provide a valid `profileEffectUrl`
- Use transparent images for best results

## Examples

### Cyberpunk Theme
```
primaryColor: #ff00ff
secondaryColor: #00ffff
enableGlow: true
enableAnimations: true
```

### Nature Theme
```
customBanner: https://example.com/forest.jpg
primaryColor: #2d5016
secondaryColor: #1a3409
backgroundOpacity: 85
```

### Neon Display Name
```
enableDisplayNameStyle: true
displayNameEffect: neon
displayNameColor: #00ffff
displayNameFont: pixelify
```

## Credits

Created for Vencord by [me](https://github.com/JMJAJ)
